A young man had just graduated.

After finishing this grueling stint
of his academic life, he was pleased
to find out that a ball would be held
for those who were graduating.

A perfect place to party, and have fun!

Now the man has been to similar things
before, and he knows what he needs.
The first thing being:

a date!

Now, he's had a crush on the prettiest
girl on his course for a very long time,
and he wants to ask her to the ball.

However, it seems everyone else has had
the same idea. She is sat outside, and
a long line of people asking her to the
ball has formed. The young man joins the
back of the line, and it doesn't take too
long for him to reach the front.

However, he is disheartened by the responses
the girl has given to all his predecessors:
a resounding "Sorry, but I'm not interested."
He resolves to try regardless, and to his
utmost suprise, she accepts!

Riding the wave of happiness from getting
his dream date, the young man decides he
needs to put all the effort he can into
this ball. So, he moves onto his second
priority: something to wear.

Now, this ball is black tie, and unfortunately
this means the young man needs a fancy suit
for the evening. Since he does not own one,
and suits are not *really* his style, he
decides that he will instead rent one.

He ventures to the dresswear store, wishing
to enquire about the price to hire. However,
there is a long line snaking out of the store,
and around the corner.

The young man joins the back of the line, and
despite the slow-moving nature, remains in it.
When he finally reaches the front, he no
longer cares for the price of the suit: he
just wants the time he's spent queuing to
mean something.

He rents a suit until the day of the ball, and,
though tired, walks home with the suit. The
next day, he heads to the car hire store to
rent a limousine for both him and his date
to arrive at the ball in.

He arrives at the store only to find another
queue, and after waiting a long time to get
to the front of the line, he rents the final
limousine for the day of the ball. Content,
he resolves to also head to the florist the
day after.

He goes home, and ensures he has everything
he needs for the ball tomorrow, aside from
the flowers - because he knows he should
get these fresh.

Next morning, he woke bright and early,
intent on getting to the florist before a
long line forms. However, the florist near
him is unfortunately closed, and he has to
head to the one on the other side of town.

By the time he gets there, the sun is high
in the sky, and a queue has already formed
outside. The man, albeit disheartened,
joins the back of the queue, and waits
his turn. 

When he gets to the front of the queue, he
buys a beautiful bouquet of flowers. While
they aren't exactly the ones he wanted, he
knows that she will love them nonetheless.

The night arrives!

He pulls up outside her door, wearing his
suit, holding the bouquet, and helps her
into the limo. He is incredibly happy, and
so is she.

They draw up to the venue, and head inside.
They draw the eyes of everyone there, as
they head first to their seats, then swiftly
to the dance floor. Having most of the floor
to themselves, they make the most of it,
enjoying their time, and not caring about
anyone else.

However, they soon stop dancing, having
worn themselves out, and resolve to sit
down for a little while.

As they do, the young man offers to get
the girl a drink, and stands back up,
heading over to where he can get one for
him, and one for her.

He heads over to the punch table,
and lo-and-behold,

there's no punch line.